# SmartParkir
Terdiri dari empat buah program utama
  The development of technology and the era of modernization has led to changes in the fundamental nature of humans in the activities carried out every day. Where in this era every human being wants everything practical, efficient, and automatic. The presence of the Internet of Things (IoT) which is the result of the development of technology can be said to be a human effort in wanting convenience in carrying out every activity that exists. One of the wireless transmission media used by the Internet of Things is Long Range (LoRa). LoRa is radio modulation used to transmit low power long distance data. 

  In its application, LoRa is generally used to retrieve data from sensors in remote locations and do not have a very good connection. In carrying out the data transfer process, LoRa uses the Antares platform which will transfer data to the user. In this study, LoRa will be used as a communication medium between the components that make up the smart parking portal. The components that make up the smart parking portal system consist of an Arduino mega, keypad, push button, IBT-2 BTS7960 motor driver, power adapter, x14015 DC step down buck converter, and a thermal printer.
  
  In designing and building a LoRa-based smart parking portal system. It is known that the portal system can communicate between components by sending and receiving data in the form of a booking code. The portal system can print parking tickets containing information in the form of parking codes, booking codes, booking times, and exit times. The portal system can drive the power window motor. The portal system can also authenticate the booking code provided by the parking user
